Prettier upgrade (#4621)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.9.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Upgrades the Prettier package and related libraries

Reviewer: Two thoughts:
1. This feels like a `Dev` task, as the impact on merchants and shoppers should be non-existent
2. We are also updating the formatting for a lot of files, so it may be worth noting that
```suggestion
* Dev - Upgrade the Prettier package and related libraries, and apply updated formatting rules
```
